Bump version, integrate symphonia to README (#100)
Polochon-street/bliss-rs: README.md

and build the examples associated with it, you will also need `libsqlite3-dev` on Ubuntu, or `sqlite` on
Archlinux.

> Note: it is also possible to use the [Symphonia](https://github.com/pdeljanov/Symphonia)
> crate instead of ffmpeg to handle the decoding of songs. See the
> [Decoders](#decoders) section below for more information.
> 
> However, it makes bliss-rs easier to package, since it removes a big dependency to ffmpeg.

Reviewer: that last line seems a little out of place, maybe:

```suggestion
Note: it is also possible to use the [Symphonia](https://github.com/pdeljanov/Symphonia)
crate instead of ffmpeg to handle the decoding of songs. See the
[Decoders](#decoders) section below for more information.

The Symphonia decoder is slightly slower, but using it make bliss-rs easier to package, since it removes a big dependency to ffmpeg.
```

would flow better?

[this example](https://github.com/Polochon-street/bliss-rs/blob/master/examples/playlist.rs)
contains all you need. Usage:

        cargo run --release --example=playlist --features=serde /path/to/folder /path/to/first/song

Don't forget the `--release` flag!

To use Symphonia instead of FFmpeg to decode songs, use the symphonia-all feature flag instead:

>         cargo run --release --example=playlist --no-default-features --features=serde,aubio-static,symphonia,symphonia-all /path/to/folder /path/to/first/song

Reviewer: `symphonia-all` automatically pulls in `symphonia`, so having both is a little redundant
